README.md, before:

# lunch-time
It's an easy way to order your lunch directly in the office. Let's your lunch break be longer than usual.

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Run your unit tests
```
npm run test:unit
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

### What’s Included?
- SASS - Extension of CSS, adding nested rules, variables, mixins, selector inheritance, and more.
- Language extras beyond ES6 like the object spread operator.
- [Vuelidate](https://vuelidate.js.org/) - Simple, lightweight model-based validation for Vue.js.
- axios - Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js. 
- [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) - Parse, validate, manipulate, and display dates and times in JavaScript.
- vue-parallax-js - Tiny vue component that adds a directive for parallax effect on elements.

### Philosophy
- **Quickly and easily** find out the actual menus.
- **Simply and calmly** make your choice.
- **Gently and precisely** order your favourite meal.

### Articles
- [Healthy eating](https://www.helpguide.org/articles/healthy-eating/healthy-eating.htm)

Commit message:

Add UI & UX design description

README.md, after:

# lunch-time
It's an easy way to order your lunch directly in the office. Let's your lunch break be longer than usual.

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Run your unit tests
```
npm run test:unit
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

### UI & UX design
- **Home page** - (incl. Authorised and Unauthorised part).
  - Unauthorised part includes short presentational text in three info boxes.
  - Authorised part includes Quotes and Articles dinamically rended.
- **Offers page** - (Authorised access only)
  - It presents list of offers.
  - The menu item gives an opportunity to see each of the offers in subnavigation.
- **Offer Details page** - (Authorised access only)
  - It presents each of the offers in details.
  - The client/user could make the choice and finilise an order.
- **Orders page** - (Authorised access only)
  - It presents list of orders sorted by Date.
- **Login**
- **Register**

### What’s Included?
- SASS - Extension of CSS, adding nested rules, variables, mixins, selector inheritance, and more.
- Language extras beyond ES6 like the object spread operator.
- [Vuelidate](https://vuelidate.js.org/) - Simple, lightweight model-based validation for Vue.js.
- axios - Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js. 
- [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) - Parse, validate, manipulate, and display dates and times in JavaScript.*
- vue-parallax-js - Tiny vue component that adds a directive for parallax effect on elements.

### Philosophy
- **Quickly and easily** find out the actual menus.
- **Simply and calmly** make your choice.
- **Gently and precisely** order your favourite meal.

### Articles
- [Healthy eating](https://www.helpguide.org/articles/healthy-eating/healthy-eating.htm)
